feat: add token balance doc (#7)
arconnectio/docs: api/token-balance.md

---
description: ArConnect Injected API tokenBalance() function
---

# Token balance

Some applications may request access to the balance of a specific token in your wallet. The `tokenBalance()` function returns the balance of the token identified by its ID.

| Argument   | Type                                          | Description                             |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| `id` | string | The unique identifier (processId) of the token |

{% hint style="info" %}
**Note:** This function requires the [`ACCESS_TOKENS`](connect.md#permissions) permission.
{% endhint %}

## Result

> The `tokenBalance()` function returns the balance of the requested token as a string. If there is an issue retrieving the balance, an error may be thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tokenBalance()` function returns the balance of the requested token as a string.

{% hint style="warning" %}
**Note**: This function throws an error if there is an issue retrieving the balance. Please make sure to handle such cases in your code.
{% endhint %}
```
